{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red71\green71\blue71;
\red1\green0\blue234;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20980\viewh17300\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5900\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9580\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 bfi \{psych\}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qr
\cf0 R Documentation\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs36 \cf0 25 Personality items representing 5 factors\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 25 personality self report items taken from the International Personality Item Pool (ipip.ori.org) were included as part of the Synthetic Aperture Personality Assessment (SAPA) web based personality assessment project. The data from 2800 subjects are included here as a demonstration set for scale construction, factor analysis, and Item Response Theory analysis. Three additional demographic variables (sex, education, and age) are also included.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 A data frame with 2800 observations on the following 28 variables. (The q numbers are the SAPA item numbers).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 A1
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Am indifferent to the feelings of others. (q_146)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 A2
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Inquire about others' well-being. (q_1162)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 A3
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Know how to comfort others. (q_1206)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 A4
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Love children. (q_1364)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 A5
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Make people feel at ease. (q_1419)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 C1
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Am exacting in my work. (q_124)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 C2
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Continue until everything is perfect. (q_530)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 C3
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Do things according to a plan. (q_619)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 C4
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Do things in a half-way manner. (q_626)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 C5
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Waste my time. (q_1949)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 E1
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Don't talk a lot. (q_712)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 E2
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Find it difficult to approach others. (q_901)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 E3
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Know how to captivate people. (q_1205)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 E4
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Make friends easily. (q_1410)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 E5
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Take charge. (q_1768)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 N1
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Get angry easily. (q_952)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 N2
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Get irritated easily. (q_974)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 N3
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Have frequent mood swings. (q_1099\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 N4
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Often feel blue. (q_1479)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 N5
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Panic easily. (q_1505)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 O1
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Am full of ideas. (q_128)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 O2
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Avoid difficult reading material.(q_316)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 O3
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Carry the conversation to a higher level. (q_492)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 O4
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Spend time reflecting on things. (q_1738)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 O5
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Will not probe deeply into a subject. (q_1964)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 gender
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Males = 1, Females =2\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 education
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 1 = HS, 2 = finished HS, 3 = some college, 4 = college graduate 5 = graduate degree\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 age
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 age in years\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Details\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 The first 25 items are organized by five putative factors: Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Extraversion, Neuroticism, and Opennness. The item data were collected using a 6 point response scale: 1 Very Inaccurate 2 Moderately Inaccurate 3 Slightly Inaccurate 4 Slightly Accurate 5 Moderately Accurate 6 Very Accurate\
as part of the Synthetic Apeture Personality Assessment (SAPA) project. To see an example of the data collection technique, visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://test.personality-project.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://test.personality-project.org}}. The items given were sampled from the International Personality Item Pool of Lewis Goldberg using the sampling technique of SAPA. This is a sample data set taken from the much larger SAPA data bank.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Source\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 The items are from the ipip (Goldberg, 1999). The data are from the SAPA project (Revelle, Wilt and Rosenthal, 2010) , collected Spring, 2010 ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://test.personality-project.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://test.personality-project.org}}).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Goldberg, L.R. (1999) A broad-bandwidth, public domain, personality inventory measuring the lower-level facets of several five-factor models. In Mervielde, I. and Deary, I. and De Fruyt, F. and Ostendorf, F. (eds) Personality psychology in Europe. 7. Tilburg University Press. Tilburg, The Netherlands.\
Revelle, W., Wilt, J., and Rosenthal, A. (2010) Personality and Cognition: The Personality-Cognition Link. In Gruszka, A. and Matthews, G. and Szymura, B. (Eds.) Handbook of Individual Differences in Cognition: Attention, Memory and Executive Control, Springer.\
}