{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red71\green71\blue71;
\red1\green0\blue234;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh9600\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6280\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 ffairs \{AER\}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qr
\cf0 R Documentation\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs36 \cf0 Fair's Extramarital Affairs Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Infidelity data, known as Fair's Affairs. Cross-section data from a survey conducted by Psychology Today in 1969.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 A data frame containing 601 observations on 9 variables.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 affairs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric. How often engaged in extramarital sexual intercourse during the past year?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 gender\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor indicating gender.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 age\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding age in years: 
\f1 17.5
\f0  = under 20, 
\f1 22
\f0  = 20\'9624, 
\f1 27
\f0  = 25\'9629, 
\f1 32
\f0  = 30\'9634, 
\f1 37
\f0  = 35\'9639, 
\f1 42
\f0  = 40\'9644, 
\f1 47
\f0  = 45\'9649, 
\f1 52
\f0 = 50\'9654, 
\f1 57
\f0  = 55 or over.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 yearsmarried\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding number of years married: 
\f1 0.125
\f0  = 3 months or less, 
\f1 0.417
\f0  = 4\'966 months, 
\f1 0.75
\f0  = 6 months\'961 year, 
\f1 1.5
\f0  = 1\'962 years, 
\f1 4
\f0  = 3\'965 years, 
\f1 7
\f0  = 6\'968 years, 
\f1 10
\f0 = 9\'9611 years, 
\f1 15
\f0  = 12 or more years.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 children\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Are there children in the marriage?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 religiousness\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding religiousness: 
\f1 1
\f0  = anti, 
\f1 2
\f0  = not at all, 
\f1 3
\f0  = slightly, 
\f1 4
\f0  = somewhat, 
\f1 5
\f0  = very.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding level of education: 
\f1 9
\f0 = grade school, 
\f1 12
\f0  = high school graduate,
\f1 14
\f0  = some college, 
\f1 16
\f0  = college graduate, 
\f1 17
\f0 = some graduate work, 
\f1 18
\f0  = master's degree,
\f1 20
\f0  = Ph.D., M.D., or other advanced degree.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 occupation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding occupation according to Hollingshead classification (reverse numbering).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 rating\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 numeric variable coding self rating of marriage: 
\f1 1
\f0  = very unhappy, 
\f1 2
\f0  = somewhat unhappy, 
\f1 3
\f0  = average, 
\f1 4
\f0  = happier than average, 
\f1 5
\f0  = very happy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Source\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Online complements to Greene (2003). Table F22.2.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~wgreene/Text/tables/tablelist5.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~wgreene/Text/tables/tablelist5.htm}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Greene, W.H. (2003). 
\i Econometric Analysis
\i0 , 5th edition. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.\
Fair, R.C. (1978). A Theory of Extramarital Affairs.
\i Journal of Political Economy
\i0 , 
\b 86
\b0 , 45\'9661.\
}