{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red71\green71\blue71;
\red1\green0\blue234;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh9600\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8820\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 CollegeDistance \{AER\}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qr
\cf0 R Documentation\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs36 \cf0 College Distance Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Cross-section data from the High School and Beyond survey conducted by the Department of Education in 1980, with a follow-up in 1986. The survey included students from approximately 1,100 high schools.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Usage\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 data("CollegeDistance")\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f0\b\fs30 \cf4 Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 A data frame containing 4,739 observations on 14 variables.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 gender\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor indicating gender.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 ethnicity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor indicating ethnicity (African-American, Hispanic or other).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 score\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 base year composite test score. These are achievement tests given to high school seniors in the sample.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 fcollege\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Is the father a college graduate?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 mcollege\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Is the mother a college graduate?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 home\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Does the family own their home?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 urban\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Is the school in an urban area?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 unemp\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 county unemployment rate in 1980.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 wage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 state hourly wage in manufacturing in 1980.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 distance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 distance from 4-year college (in 10 miles).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 tuition\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 average state 4-year college tuition (in 1000 USD).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 number of years of education.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 income\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor. Is the family income above USD 25,000 per year?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 region\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 factor indicating region (West or other).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Details\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Rouse (1995) computed years of education by assigning 12 years to all members of the senior class. Each additional year of secondary education counted as a one year. Students with vocational degrees were assigned 13 years, AA degrees were assigned 14 years, BA degrees were assigned 16 years, those with some graduate education were assigned 17 years, and those with a graduate degree were assigned 18 years.\
Stock and Watson (2007) provide separate data files for the students from Western states and the remaining students.
\f1 CollegeDistance
\f0  includes both data sets, subsets are easily obtained (see also examples).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Source\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Online complements to Stock and Watson (2007).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wps.aw.com/aw_stock_ie_2/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://wps.aw.com/aw_stock_ie_2/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Rouse, C.E. (1995). Democratization or Diversion? The Effect of Community Colleges on Educational Attainment. 
\i Journal of Business \\& Economic Statistics
\i0 , 
\b 12
\b0 , 217\'96224.\
Stock, J.H. and Watson, M.W. (2007). 
\i Introduction to Econometrics
\i0 , 2nd ed. Boston: Addison Wesley.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 See Also\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://127.0.0.1:31049/help/library/AER/help/StockWatson2007"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 StockWatson2007}}
\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs30 \cf4 Examples\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 ## exclude students from Western states\
data("CollegeDistance")\
cd <- subset(CollegeDistance, region != "west")\
summary(cd)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 [Package 
\i AER
\i0  version 1.1-9 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://127.0.0.1:31049/help/library/AER/html/00Index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Index}}]\
}